Add smpp-connector-configuration doc (#1547)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/references/connectors/smpp-connector/smpp-connector-configuration.md

# Setting up the SMPP Connector 

> SMPP Connector allows you to send SMS through the WSO2 EI. It uses jsmpp API to communicate with a SMSC (Short Message service center) which is to store, forward, convert and deliver Short Message Service (SMS) messages. SMPP - Short Message Peer to Peer protocol is an open, industry standard protocol designed to provide a flexible data communications interface for transfer of short message data between a Message Centers. There are many SMPP gateways available in the world.and now almost all the Message centers support SMPP. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SMPP Connector allows you to send SMS through the WSO2 EI. It uses jsmpp API to communicate with a SMSC (Short Message service center) which is to store, forward, convert and deliver Short Message Service (SMS) messages. SMPP - Short Message Peer to Peer protocol is an open, industry standard protocol designed to provide a flexible data communications interface for transfer of short message data between Message Centers. There are many SMPP gateways available in the world and now almost all the Message Centers support SMPP. 
```

Author: Updated.

 
## Setting up the environment

> Before you start configuring the ISO8583 connector, you also need WSO2 MI, and we refer to that location as <PRODUCT_HOME>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start configuring the SMPP connector, you also need WSO2 MI, and we refer to that location as <PRODUCT_HOME>.
```

Author: Updated.

To configure the SMPP connector, copy the following client libraries from the given locations to the `<PRODUCT_HOME>/repository/components/lib` directory.

* [jsmpp-2.1.0-RELEASE.jar](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/com.googlecode.jsmpp/jsmpp/2.1.0-RELEASE)

## Configure the SMSC (Short Message Service Center) simulator

> For testing purposes, It is not practical always to connect with real SMSC. SMSC Simulator is an application which can be act like a SMSC. Using a simulator we can test our scenario without having access to a real SMSC. For the real production servers we have to use a real SMSC. In this example scenario we will be using [logica-smpp-sim](https://github.com/smn/logica-smpp-sim) simulator. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing purposes, it is not practical always to connect with real SMSC. SMSC Simulator is an application that can act like an SMSC. Using a simulator we can test our scenario without having access to a real SMSC. For the real production servers we have to use a real SMSC. In this example scenario we will be using [logica-smpp-sim](https://github.com/smn/logica-smpp-sim) simulator. 
```

Author: Updated.

> JSMPP is a java implementation of SMPP protocol. The SMPP server in SMSC have all ESME (External Short Messaging Entity) addresses which is an external application that connects to a SMSC and the active connection. It provides an API to communicate with a SMSC simulator also.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSMPP is a Java implementation of SMPP protocol. The SMPP server in SMSC have all ESME (External Short Messaging Entity) addresses. ESME is an external application that connects to a SMSC and the active connection. It provides an API to communicate with a SMSC simulator as well.
```

Author: Updated.

1. Navigate to [logica-smpp-sim](https://github.com/smn/logica-smpp-sim) and clone or download the repository.

> 2. Make sure you need to install and setup **Java** in your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure that **Java** is installed and set up in your machine.
```

Author: Updated.

3. Navigate to cloned **logica-smpp-sim** -> **users.txt** and edit `username` and `password` as you wish.
4. After setting up the **users.txt** you can start the simulator. Execute **./start.sh** script. 

> 5. In the terminal you will see following list of options. **Enter 1** to start simulation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. In the terminal you will see the following list of options. **Enter 1** to start simulation. 
```

Author: Updated.

   
   <img src="../../../../assets/img/connectors/smpp-simulator.png" title="SMSC Simulator Console" width="600" alt="SMSC Simulator Console"/> 

> 6. After you enter 1 for simulation it will ask for **port number**. In this example we added port number as 2775.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. After you enter 1 for simulation it will ask for a **port number**. In this example we added port number as 2775.
```

Author: Updated.
